How We Store and Protect Your Information

Storage and Processing: Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Codecademy or its subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. Codecademy may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information, to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you we will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that any personal data are treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Such transfers are made pursuant to appropriate safeguards. If you wish to enquire further about these transfers, please contact us by submitting a ticket through our Help Center
Keeping your information safe: Codecademy cares about the security of your information and uses commercially reasonable safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through the Service. However, no security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes to the functionality of third party sites and services that you add to the Codecademy Service, such as social networks. Codecademy is not responsible for the functionality or security measures of any third party.

