Tracking and Cookies

In order to provide you with the Service, we often interact with third parties and use the services of third parties. Navdy, and third parties we interact with, including our third-party service providers, may use cookies, web beacons, local shared objects (sometimes called "flash cookies"), and similar technologies in connection with your use of the Service to provide and support the Service (collectively referred to in this policy as "Cookies"). Cookies are small data files that may have unique identifiers, and reside, among other places, on your mobile device, in emails we send to you, and on our applications. Locally shared objects or "flash cookies" are data files that can be created on your computer by the websites you visit and are a way for websites to store information for later use. Locally stored objects are different than cookies because they are stored in different parts of your computer than cookies. Web beacons are small strings of code that provide a method for delivering a graphic image on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring data.
If Cookies are used, they may be used to collect information about you and your use of the Service, such as your browser type, preferences, data relating to content that has been displayed to you or that you have clicked on, and the date and time of your use. Cookies may also be used in order to further Service features and processes, provide authentication and security for your transactions on the Service, store your preferences, facilitate relevant advertising, and help us learn more about how users engage with the Service.
We sometimes use service providers to help us provide certain products and services or to integrate other features. These third-party providers may collect information when you view or use them, including information about you and your device or browser. They may do this using Cookies or similar technologies. These third-party providers also may use these technologies to help share information with the Service, like how you use their website or application. To learn more about the information they collect or receive, review their privacy policies.
For example, we work with a service provided by Char Software, Inc. called Localytics "Localytics") to collect usage data from the Navdy Display as well as our iOS and Android mobile apps in order to help us understand how you and other users are interacting with our Service. Localytics is used to track activities within our Service such as how long you use a product or which features and functions you interact with while using the Service. This information, including your IP address, is transmitted and stored by Localytics on servers in the United States. For more information see Localytics' privacy policy: http://www.localytics.com/privacy-policy/.
We also work with a service called Google Analytics provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use our website. The information generated by these cookies (including your truncated IP address) is transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your, and other users', use of our Services, compiling reports for us on Service activity and providing other services relating to Service activity and Internet usage. Please note that Google only receives your truncated IP address. This is sufficient for Google to identify (approximately) the country from which you are using our or Service, but is not sufficient to identify you, or your computer or mobile device, individually. Google's privacy policy is found here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245.
We work with Bit Stadium GmbH ("HockeyApp") to report any bug affecting portions of the Service. If the Service crashes during normal use, this technology will send certain information about the incident to HockeyApp. This information consists of the device type, OS version and certain hardware information about your mobile device, the Navdy display, and the time of the crash, the state of the application at the time of the crash, and stack traces. The information does not include your IP address or any other information that could be used to identify you or your mobile device individually, and does not include any other information from your mobile device or the Navdy display. HockeyApp's privacy policy is found here: http://hockeyapp.net/privacy/.
You can use the settings within your browser to control the cookies that are set on your computer or mobile device. However, please be aware that cookies are important to many aspects for the Service if you set your browser to reject cookies, you may not be able to enjoy all of the features of the Service. To find out how to see what cookies have been set and how to reject and delete cookies, please visit http://www.aboutcookies.org.
To opt-out of analysis by Google Analytics on our Service and other services, please visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

