How We Share Information

We may share information about you in the following ways:
With other 9GAG Users. We may share information with other 9GAG users. Examples include:
Information about you, such as your name, username, and profile pictures.
Information you upload, such as image or video posts.
Information about how you interacted with our services, such as the content you saved, the comments you post, and the content you upvote and downvote.
With all 9GAG Users, our business partners, and the general public. We may share information with all 9GAG users, our business partners, and the general public. Examples include:
Public information like your name, username, and profile pictures.
Content submissions and saved content set to be viewable by everyone.
Content from our services that you share on other services, such as Facebook or Pinterest.
With our affiliates. We may share information with the entities within the 9GAG Limited family of companies.
With third parties. We may share your information with third parties. Examples include:
With service providers. We may share information about you with service providers who perform services on our behalf.
With business partners. We may share information about you with business partners that provide services and functionality.
With third parties for legal reasons. We may share information about you if we reasonably believe that disclosing the information is necessary. Examples include:
To comply with any valid legal process, governmental request, or applicable law, rule or regulation.
To investigate, enforce, or remedy potential Terms of Service violations
To protect the safety, rights, and property of 9GAG, our users, or others.
To detect and resolve any fraud or security matters or concerns.
With third parties as part of a merger or acquisition. If 9GAG Limited gets involved with a merger, asset sale, financing, liquidation, bankruptcy, or acquisition of all or some portion of our business to another company, we may share your information with the company before, during, and after the transaction.
We may also share aggregated, non-personally identifiable, or de-identified information with third parties, such as advertisers.

