3. WHEN do we collect your personal data?

3.1 We will collect information from you directly when you use our products and services, or where you contact us with questions, complaints or suggestions or provide us with any feedback.
3.2 We may collect information about you indirectly from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our services where this is necessary to help manage our relationship with you. These other sources may include third party software applications and social media platforms such as Facebook, Google + and Twitter.
3.3 We will not knowingly collect any personal data about persons who are legally recognized as children without making it clear that such information should only be provided with parental consent, if this is required by applicable laws. For the purpose of this Policy, “children” refer to persons under the age of 16 (in the laws of some countries, this age limit maybe higher, in such case such age limit will apply to those subject to such laws).
Except as otherwise stated, our product, website and service are primarily directed to adults. Children shall not create their own user accounts except with relevant consent from their parent(s) or other lawful guardian(s); without guidance and consent from their guardian(s), children shall not independently confirm and accept this Privacy Policy and use our product or service.
We’ll comply with local laws regarding children’s right protection applicable to our product and service. Hawk will only use the personal data of children as far as is permitted by law where the required parental or guardian consent has been obtained. If you believe we have collected information from any child in error or have questions or concerns about our any other practices relating to children, please notify us and we will take proper actions to investigate and promptly solve relevant issues In case we find out that we’ve collected children’s information without prior consents from their lawful guardians, we’ll make efforts to quickly delete relevant data.

