APPENDIX I – COOKIE POLICY

We (Hawk) or our third party partners may collect and use your information via tracking technology such as Cookies, which information may be stored as log information.
We use such technologies to provide more tailored services and user experiences, and for purposes such as remembering your account identity or analyzing your account’s security; analyzing your usage of our product and service; advertisement optimization (helping us to provide you with more targeted advertisements instead of general advertisements based on your information). We may also process and summarize the non-personal data collected via tracking technology and provide the same to advertisers or other partners to be used to analyze how users use our services and for advertisement purpose.
There may be tracking technology placed by advertisers or other partners in our products and service. Such tracking technology may collect the non-person information related to you for the purpose of analyzing how users use the services and sending to you the advertisements you might find interest in, or evaluating the effects of the advertisements. Collection and use of such information via third party tracking technology will not be subject to our Privacy Policy, but will be subject to third-party privacy policies applicable to the users, and we will not be liable for the third-party Cookies or web beacon.
You may use browser and personal device settings to refuse or manage tracking technology. However, for technical reasons beyond our control, this cannot be guaranteed. For example, if you reset your browser, delete your cookies or access to our website or applications from another browser or device, your cookie settings may be lost.
You shall be aware that when ceasing to use Cookie or other tracking technology, you may not be able to enjoy the best service experiences, or parts of our product or service may no longer function correctly (please contact us in case of any such problems). Furthermore, you mays still receive the same amount of commercial information such as advertisements which will have lower relevancy to you.

