Categories of Third-Party Persons or Entities With Whom Navdy May Share Your Personally Identifiable Information

Navdy may disclose the information we collect from you to the following third parties:
Online Store. Our online store is hosted by Shopify, Inc. ("Shopify"). Shopify provides us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products to you. Accordingly, when you submit personal information in connection with purchases made via our Service, such information is not collected by us, but rather is sent directly to Shopify. When you purchase something using our Service, as a part of the buying and selling process, Shopify collects information from you such as your first name, last name, company name, mailing address, phone number, email address and credit card payment information. Your data is stored through Shopify's data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. The information Shopify collects from you is governed by Shopify's privacy policy and other policies located here: http://www.shopify.com/data-processing/privacy-policy and http://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy. According to these policies, Shopify protects credit card information according to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS), a set of security requirements managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of the payment brands, including Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by merchants and service providers. However, no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. The description above is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of Shopify's privacy policies, and you should review the policies posted on Shopify's site to be fully informed.
Navdy's Service Providers. We may share your information with third-party contractors, agents, collaborators, data processing providers, data storage providers or service providers who provide certain services to us or on our behalf, such as operating and supporting the Service. We may share information to our service providers such as logs and reports from your Navdy Device. For instance, we use Zendesk to provide customer support services. We may share with Zendesk your e-mails that you send to us and any account information you may provide in order to help address your customer service needs. Additionally, we use Here Maps, a service run by Nokia Corporation to provide you with traffic and map information and with whom we may share information such as your device information and your location. Zendesk's privacy policy is found here: https://www.zendesk.com/company/privacy/. Here Maps's privacy policy is found here: https://legal.here.com/en/privacy/policy/us/.
Companies that Acquire Navdy's Business or Assets. If we become involved in a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, securities offering, bankruptcy, reorganization, or dissolution or if the ownership of all or substantially all of our business relating to the Service otherwise changes, Navdy may provide your information to a third party or parties in connection with the applicable transaction.
Navdy's Affiliates. We may share some or all of your information with our parent company, subsidiaries and corporate affiliates, joint venturers or other companies under common control with us.
Aggregate Information. We may share information relating to visitors and users of our Service with affiliated or unaffiliated third parties on an aggregate basis. While this information will not identify you personally, in some instances these third parties may be able to combine this information with other data they have about you, or that they receive from third parties, in a manner that allows them to associate this aggregated data with your personal data.
Legal Requirements. Navdy may share your information with law enforcement, governmental agencies, or authorized third parties, if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request; enforce applicable provisions of the Navdy Terms of Service located at https://www.navdy.com/terms, including investigation of potential violations; detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or safety of Navdy, our users or the public as required or permitted by law. We may dispute any third party demands to share your information when we believe, in our sole discretion, that the requests may be enforceable, overbroad, vague or lack proper authority; however, we do not commit to challenge every such demand.
Public Information. To the extent you share any information to a public audience or via a publically accessible portion of the Service, that information will be available to the public.
Unforeseen and Unpreventable Disclosure. Your information may also be disclosed to third parties in unforeseeable situations or situations that are not preventable even when commercially reasonably protections are employed, such as in the case that Navdy or the Service is subject to a hacking or other attack.

