2. How We Use Information We Collect.

We use the information we collect from users of our Service in order to provide you with more meaningful editorial and advertising content and to offer you relevant products and services, as well as to maintain, protect and improve your overall experience. In particular, you may choose (i) to subscribe to any of our electronic newsletters, (ii) to receive "special offers" by EMI and its various service providers, (iii) to receive franchise and business opportunity information from selected advertisers, and we will use your information for these purposes provided you have given us your consent. You may also choose (iv) to submit questions or comments in response to editorial content on our Service, or (v) to purchase books and related publications offered on our affiliated website at bookstore.entrepreneur.com (the "Bookstore Website") in which case, we will process your information to perform our agreement or comply with your request. In each of those instances you will be asked to provide, and we will collect and store, certain personal information such as email address, zip code, telephone number, and in some instances information about your business. In the case of purchases made through the Bookstore Website, we will also collect and store additional information about those purchases, including titles purchased, quantity and dates of purchases, the method of payment, and other information provided such as billing and shipping addresses (if different). By providing that information and provided you have consented thereto, you acknowledge that it can be used by EMI and its various advertisers and other service providers to send you promotions and other communications concerning business opportunities, products or services. You can remove yourself from any such electronic newsletters and otherwise stop receiving any further promotions and other commercial communications by following the "unsubscribe" directions included with each newsletter or, in all of the above instances, by sending an email with the word "unsubscribe" in the subject line to unsubscribe@entrepreneur.com.
We may use the name you provide for your EMI Profile across all of the services we offer that require an EMI Account, which is where the information you provide is maintained. In addition, we may replace past names associated with your EMI Account, so that you are represented consistently across all our services.
When you contact EMI, we retain a record of your communications to help solve any issues you might be facing, or to maintain a record to assist with legal claims. We will keep these records for a period of no more than 6 years. Provided you have consented thereto, we may use your email address to inform you about the products and services offered on our Service, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies, like pixel tags, to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services. You can reset your browser to reject all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. But you need to know that you may not be able to access or use some features and services on our Service without cookies. A pixel tag is a type of technology which is placed on a website or within an email and used for the purpose of tracking activity on a website and is often used in combination with cookies. For further information about how we use and collect cookies, see our separate cookie policy located at https://www.entrepreneur.com/cookie-policy .
We do not track our users across third party websites and thus do not respond to Do Not Track ("DNT") signals. However, some third party websites do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. If you are visiting such sites, certain website browsers allow you to set the DNT signal on your browser so that third parties (particularly advertisers) know you do not want to be tracked.

