3. The Advertising on Our Service.

Advertising on our Service makes it possible for us to offer you the information and products/services free of charge. We take seriously and make every effort to make sure that advertising is safe, unobtrusive and as relevant as possible.
Cookies are used to make that advertising as relevant as possible to the needs and interests of users of our Service, and more valuable to our advertisers in being able to show our visitors more relevant ads. Cookies are also used to avoid you seeing the same ad multiple times and to detect and prevent click fraud. We use AdSense, Google Analytics and other DoubleClick services (collectively, "Google® Services"), which help us manage and improve our Service and help our advertisers better understand and track user interaction with their ads. When you visit a location on our Service that includes one or more of these ads, various cookies may be sent to your browser.
We may use other technologies, including Flash and HTML5, which provide the functionality for such displays as interactive advertising. We may also use your IP address to select and provide advertising targeted to that address, in order to improve the relevance of the ads you see and to measure and report to advertisers non-personal statistical information about geographical location of those website visitors who are viewing their ads.
The advertising you see on our Service is determined by a number of factors relating to relevance, including (i) your approximate geographical location base on you IP address and (ii) the subject matter you may be viewing on our Service. For example, if you are viewing an article about physical health, you may see ads concerning exercise equipment.
If you wish to know more about the information collected from website users and used to tailor those advertisements for products and services which might be of the most interest and relevance to those users, or would like to know more about the user’s options in connection with the collection and use of that information, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") website at http://www.networkadvertising.org . The NAI is a cooperative of online advertising companies who are committed to responsible practices and consumer protection.

