1. The Kinds of Information We Collect.

We collect information to provide better services to all of users of our Service, including determining what types of editorial content and the products and services offered on our Service that are of the most interest and relevance to you.
We collect information about you from the following two sources:
a. The Information you give us ("EMI Profile"). For example, many of our services require that you create an account. When you do, we'll ask for personal information, like your name, email address, telephone number, and, if you are purchasing products or services on our Service, purchase information such as the products or services purchased, the dates of purchase and the purchase price.
b. The information we collect from your use of our Service. This information relates generally to what editorial and advertising content you view, and the products and services you use that we and our third-party providers offer. This information includes:
(i) Device Information, we collect information about the devices you use to access our Service, such as hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.
(ii) Log Information. When you use our Service, we automatically collect and store certain information in server logs, which automatically record certain information when you use our Service, including the following:
(a) details about how you have used our Service, such as your search queries;
(b) your IP address, which is the number assigned to an Internet connected device such as a tablet or smartphone and used to identify the geographic location of that device; and
(c) cookies that may uniquely identify your browser and collect information about how our visitors interact with our Service, as well as help us identify problems such as error messages from certain pages. A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer or other device when you visit our Service. When you visit our Service any time thereafter, the cookie allows our Service to recognize your browser and to store information about your user preferences and other personal information.
(iii) Location information. When you visit our Service, we may collect and process information about your actual location. We use various technologies to determine location, including IP address.
(iv) Local storage. We may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device, using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5), which allows for data to be stored on a browser even after the browser has been closed and the reopened, and application data caches, which allow for data to be stored on your device, enabling an application to run without an Internet connection and to load content faster.
(v) Collection and Storage technologies. We and our partners use various technologies to collect and store information when you access the EMI Service, and this may include using cookies or other technologies to identify your browser or device. We also use these technologies to collect and store information when you access our Service and interact with the content and products and services we offer, such as advertising services.
c. Our properties may feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software, which will allow you to contribute to market research, such as Nielsen TV Ratings. To learn more about the information that Nielsen software may collect and your choices with regard to it, please see the Nielsen Digital Measurement Privacy Policy at http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy .

