Third party advertising

3.1 We want to make sure that our advertising and marketing is relevant and interesting to you and our other customers. To achieve this, we use third-party advertising and technology companies to serve advertising and/or provide aggregated data to assist in serving advertising when you visit or use our apps. This includes third party technology companies which collect data about you in order to build a profile of your preferences based on your activities when you visit or use our apps. We also use these companies to automatically collect data from you when you use our apps in order to help us identify the advertising that are served to you and what you do after seeing those advertising. In addition, we share data with providers of analytics tools, such as Adjust, which we use to analyse your use of the apps. A list of the third party advertising and technology companies that we use is set out below. (a) Admob, Inc. (b) AppLovin Limited (c) Facebook, Inc. (d) Unity Ads (Unity Technologies Finland Oy) (e) Vungle, Inc.
3.2 These third party advertising companies collect, store and use data by integrating cookies and other tracking software on our apps. The relevant data collected by these third parties includes: (a) data about your device, location and use of our apps, including IP address, a unique device ID, geo-location details and your User ID that we have assigned to you; (b) data which you provide to us when using our apps, including information on your interaction with advertising and certain technical information.
3.3 These third party advertising companies will collect and use your data to provide you with targeted advertising that is relevant to you and your preferences with your consent. You can control and withdraw your consent to this targeted advertising at any time on our apps. If you do not provide or withdraw your consent to receive targeted advertising that is relevant to you and your preferences, then we will still serve you advertising when you visit or use our apps but this will no longer be tailored to you or your preferences.
3.4 In some cases these third parties will also use the data that they collect for their own purposes, for example they may aggregate your data with other data they hold and use this to inform advertising related services provided to other clients.
3.5 We might also share your data with social media or other similar platforms, as well as our advertising partners, so that you and other people can see relevant advertising on that platform. For example, we may use the Facebook Custom Audiences service and share your IDFA with Facebook so that we can: serve relevant advertising to you or include you in a custom audience that we will serve relevant advertising to you on Facebook; or create an audience of other Facebook users based on the information in your Facebook profile. You can opt-out from Facebook Custom Audiences in your Facebook privacy settings, for example, and other similar platforms may have equivalent opt-out settings.

