Automated Decision Making

You can ask not to be subject to a decision which is based solely on automated processing (see Section 8), but only where that decision:
produces legal effects concerning you (such as the rejection of a claim); or
otherwise significantly affects you.
In such situations, you can obtain human intervention in the decision making, and we will ensure measures are in place to allow you to express your point of view, and / or contest the automated decision. Your right to obtain human intervention or to contest a decision does not apply where the decision which is made following automated decision making:
is necessary for entering into or performing a contract with you;
is authorized by law and there are suitable safeguards for your rights and freedoms; or
is based on your explicit consent.
To exercise your rights you may contact us as set out in Section 12. Please note the following if you do wish to exercise these rights:
Identity. We take the confidentiality of all records containing personal data seriously, and reserve the right to ask you for proof of your identity if you make a request.
Fees. We will not ask for a fee to exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data, unless your request for access to information is unfounded, repetitive or excessive, in which case we will charge a reasonable amount in the circumstances. We will let you know of any charges before completing your request.
Timescales. We aim to respond to any valid requests within one month unless it is particularly complicated or you have made several requests, in which case we aim to respond within three months. We will let you know if we are going to take longer than one month. We might ask you if you can help by telling us what exactly you want to receive or are concerned about. This will help us to action your request more quickly.
Exemptions. Local laws may provide additional exemptions, e.g. in the UK, where it is subject to legal privilege, the right of access to personal data can be withheld from you in certain circumstances.
Third Party Rights. We do not have to comply with a request where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of other Data Subjects.

