Non-Personal information

The second type of information is un-identified and non-identifiable information pertaining to a User(s), which may be made available or gathered via the User's use of the Services ("Non-Personal Information").
Non-Personal Information which is being collected consists of technical information and aggregated usage information, and may contain, among other things, the User's operating system, type of browser, screen resolution, browser and keyboard language, the User's 'click-stream' and activities on the Services, the period of time the User visited the Services and related time stamps, etc.
For avoidance of doubt, any Non-Personal Information connected or linked to any Personal Information shall be deemed as Personal Information as long as such connection or linkage exists
Types of Non-Personal Information we collect from or about you:
Technical information: In order to enhance the functionality of the Services and to provide you with a better user experience, we collect technical information transmitted by your device, including certain software and hardware information (e.g. the type of browser and operating system your device uses, language preference, access time and the domain name of the website from which you linked to the Services; etc.). This information also includes anonymous online identifiers, such as the Google Advertising ID and the IDFA.
Device and app information – this category includes your device's type and model, system language, the device's operating system (such as Android or iOS), SDK version, mobile carrier name, mobile browsers installed on the device (such as Chrome or Safari), app history and usage information (such as information about running and installed apps on the device), information regarding downloads and installations of mobile applications and any information regarding in-app events (such as in-app purchases), and anonymous identifiers assigned to your device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Google Advertising ID, or other types of device identifiers.
Location information – we collect information about your general location (such as city and country). For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location. This information does not tell us where your device is precisely located. This information is sent as a normal part of internet traffic. In addition, we also collect implicit location information, which allows us to infer that you are either interested in a place or that you might be at the place – this information does not actually tell us where your device is precisely located.
Ad information – this category includes information about the online ads and personalized content we have served (or attempted to serve) to you. It includes things like how many times an ad has been served to you, what page the ad appeared on, whether you viewed, clicked on or otherwise interacted with the ad, ad engagement history and whether you visited the advertiser's website, downloaded an app or purchased the product or service advertised.
Log and analytics information: we collect information about your use of the Services, such as applications' usage, log files, user activity (e.g. referral URL, pages viewed, the amount of time spent on particular pages, online browsing, clicks, actions, etc.), time stamps, alerts, etc. This information is collected for amongst other things troubleshooting errors and bugs as well as for research and analytics purposes about your use of the Services.
Other anonymous information: We may anonymize or de-identify the information collected by the Services or via other means so that the information cannot, on its own, personally identify you. Our use and disclosure of such aggregated or de-identified information is not subject to any restrictions under this Privacy Policy, and we may disclose it to others without limitation and for any purpose, such as for advertising or marketing purposes.

