5. Who do we SHARE your personal data with?

We may share your data with other Hawk’s affiliate companies in or outside Europe. We may also share your data with third parties, to help manage our business and deliver services. These third parties may from time to time need to have access to your personal data. These third parties may include:
Service providers or partners , who perform functions on our behalf such as fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer services or other activities as necessary part of the functioning in our product or service. Such third parties may handle your information on behalf of us. If you don’t wish to allow their access and processing, please contact us to make your notice. If you share your data through one of our websites or devices with a third party account such as Facebook, Google+ or Twitter, your personal data will be managed respectively by one of those third parties. Please review the third party’s privacy policy, as their data processing will not be covered by this Policy;
Our regulators , including regulators and law enforcement or investigation agencies in the E.U., U.S., China, and around the world;
Other third parties , for the purposes of detecting, preventing or otherwise addressing fraud, security or technical issues (such as cyber-attack, or other illegal or immoral acts), targeting at or related to protecting against harm to the rights, property or safety of our users or us, our affiliates, employees or the public;
Solicitors and other professional services firms (including our auditors).
Also, if we were to sell part of our businesses or assets, as required by applicable laws or agreed with relevant parties, we would need to transfer your personal data to the purchaser in case of carrying out relevant deals such as merger, acquisition or asset transfers.

