Sharing of Personal Information

We may share the Personal Information we collect from and about you (1) with other Marco Polo users, according to your account preferences and consistent with our Terms of Service; (2) for legal, protection, and safety purposes; (3) to comply with laws and in response to lawful requests and legal processes; (4) to protect the rights and property of Joya Communications Inc., our agents, customers, and others, including by enforcing our agreements, policies, and Terms of Service; and (5) with those who need it to do work for us (our Service Providers, as defined below).
Other Marco Polo Users
Other users of our Service with whom you choose to communicate will be given some of your Personal Information. These other users may be located anywhere in the world, including outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). Note that by entering into the Terms of Service and choosing to communicate with such other users of Marco Polo, you are instructing us, as part of our contract with you, to transfer your Personal Information, on your behalf, to those users in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We employ all appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security for your Personal Information that is appropriate to the risk.
If Marco Polo or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, Personal Information held by us about our users will be one of the transferred assets. Such third party will be required to treat that Personal Information in a manner consistent with this Policy.
Service Providers
We work with third parties to provide some of our Service ("Service Providers"). For example, we use Third-Party SMS Providers to send a verification code to your phone number when you register on the Marco Polo App. Service Providers will have access to your Personal Information needed to perform their business functions, but may not use or share that Personal Information for purposes outside the scope of their functions related to the Service.

