5. Your rights

5.1 You have certain rights in relation to your personal information. If you would like further information in relation to these or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us via email at blackout.barcelona@gmail.com at any time. You have the following rights: (a) Right of access. You have a right of access to any personal information we hold about you. You can ask us for a copy of your personal information; confirmation as to whether your personal information is being used by us; details about how and why it is being used; and details of the safeguards which are in place if we transfer your information outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). You can make such a request via the "Show my data" button in the settings menu of our apps. (b) Right to update your information. You have a right to request an update to any of your personal information which is out of date or incorrect. (c) Right to delete your information. You have a right to ask us to delete any personal information which we are holding about you in certain specific circumstances. You can ask us for further information on these specific circumstances by contacting us using the details in section 10. If you are entitled to deletion of your personal data, you can make such a request via the "Delete my data" button in the settings menu of our apps.
We will pass your request onto other recipients of your personal information unless that is impossible or involves disproportionate effort. You can ask us who the recipients are, using the contact details in section 10. (d) Right to restrict use of your information. You have a right to ask us to restrict the way that we process your personal information in certain specific circumstances. You can ask us for further information on these specific circumstances by contacting us using the details in section 10.
We will pass your request onto other recipients of your personal information unless that is impossible or involves disproportionate effort. You can ask us who the recipients are using the contact details in section 12. (e) Right to data portability. You have a right to ask us to provide your personal information to a third party provider of services.
This right only applies where we use your personal information on the basis of your consent or performance of a contract; and where our use of your information is carried out by automated means. (f) Right to object. You have a right to ask us to consider any valid objections which you have to our use of your personal information where we process your personal information on the basis of our or another person's legitimate interest.
5.2 We will consider all such requests and provide our response within a reasonable period (and in any event within one month of your request unless we tell you we are entitled to a longer period under applicable law). Please note, however, that certain personal information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, for example if we need to keep using the information to comply with our own legal obligations or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
5.3 If an exception applies, we will tell you this when responding to your request. We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to any request you make.

